---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Where am I? What am I doing here? Whats going on?
date: 2021-09-02
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Software Engineering
---
Software engineering was not a class that I was strongly looking forward to, or was that interested in. It was/still kindda is a prereq for a class that I am interested in tho. 
I think the main thing that I was interested in was learning javascript and seeing how it can be used to create software, but that was about it. I didn't really put any more thought into this class. 

This might have been due to all the fustration with taking this class. I was supposed to have graduated last semseter, but I was unable to get into this class. 
Before covid became a big problem, I went in to talk to an advisor and I was told that I need to take ICS 314 because it was a prereq for ICS 435. 
This apparently seems to have changed sometime last semester, but due to problems with Covid, a lot of things were delayed in coming out.
So in the end, the last class I need to take will be ICS 435 and I will end up having to wait an extra year to take it because of problems registering for ICS 314. 

But I feel like I'm slowly warming up to the class, I'm enjoying the way its set up and how WODs are used. 
After dealing with the first week of class, I think the skills I'm interestied in developing is the mindset needed to solve problems.
When I think about engineering, I feel the main skill needed it the ability to problem-solve. 
To take what you know and be able to look at the problem from different angles to find a useful solution. The WODs in this class is basicly this....with a time limit. 
I also am looking forward to working on the project towards the end of the semester. I feel like working in a team to complete an ICS project would also be interesting. 
Learning how to work together and apply what we have learned throughout the semester sounds like an interesting experience.
I just overall want to get the most that I can out of this class, learn the most that I can and experience the most that I can while in this class.
It will make my graduation delay more worth while. 
